hey that happens fans welcome to the best
training and custom tactic of
fifa 15 but first of all I wanted you
ask forgiveness for taking so long without
upload video but good morning has passed
his life a blog where he will explain the
motives and with that said let's start with
the video in goal as you see we have to
tim howard we all know that this year
the porters are really bad but to me
howard I thought the most state of
all I've tried so what
let's put it because it is highly recommended
right side we have kyle walker
with these 91 of pace 80 of physical 76 of
defense act an attack because we want
that the sides rise a lot
we have on the left to clichy
which also has high attack and core of
85 surely many superficial ones to
Alberto Moreno for me crisis more
rendered spectacular in central
we have a conscious and we have one that
stays more in defense and another that goes up
more since with custom tactic
what we are looking for is to have a pressure
high and steal balls in the field
otherwise why are we here say
sure that those high
in defense and high in attack they throw us
back a little but I tell you that
if you say it is very good and it will help us
very much in the ball pressure
defensive midfielder we have a matic
this time more defensive even than
bed bugs but as you see 194 height 85 of
physical will balance all our
team is the defensive midfielder by
middle left excellence we have andré
schürrle maybe his stats are not everything
correct since it has not given me as
I was waiting but the custom tactic
wants the ends to get into the
half touch with the offensive midfielder
and generate many occasions as you see
look at them on the right side has
rendered something better than schürrle despite
of having worse a priori stats
let's move on to the offensive trident as
You see, angel would come from 180 meters tall
high attack, high defense is ,
they are enough for all parts of the field
but as you see 30 games 36 goals and
two assists I'm loving this
di Maria and attack will have the duo
with vargas that measures 175 but has high
in attack 12 matches 9 goals
I was not rotating with jovetic but
finally I stay with vargas so
on the left hand finally
we have aguero which is high in
attack and under defense
88 and 86 rhythm of shooting 16 matches 25
goals 6 assists highly recommended is
good but as you know it's worth 275 thousand
coins if we reach 200 likes
had the cheap option of this team and
the personalized tactic is this before
to start the match we are going to line up
instruction handles we do not give to
tactics and we have to put all this
what you see on the screen is very simple and
right now let's see the play
the goal that you are going to put thousands with this
because look we started with a robbery of
midfield ball and playing the first
touch making walls look how
I would call you get in and thanks to your
speed goes from goalkeeper and goal
pleasures are nine minutes so this one
is going to be the typical play of our
team we can also do trinkets
as with omen as you see there
but I'm going to leave you with a
music and with some goals and yes yes
we reached 200 likes because I'll leave you the
cheap option in another video so
I hope you liked it and see you
in the but yes no
they are all the same